As with any application designed around screen-scraping, there are
legal issues which need to be considered in the use of this software.
The principal issues are believed to be as follows:

   * Automated access of the Transport Canada web site

   * Transformation and redistribution of information contained
     in the CADORS database

The principal source for addressing these issues is the Transport
Canada "Important Notices" page, at http://www.tc.gc.ca/eng/notices.htm.
This page contains no remarks concerning the use of automated tools or
software to access Transport Canada web sites or databases.

Moreover, there is no robots.txt file for http://wwwapps.tc.gc.ca/,
and the robots.txt file for http://www.tc.gc.ca/ does not prohibit
access to pages concerning the CADORS database.  The use of a
"robots.txt" file is the generally-accepted means of controlling
access to a website by automated tools or programs.

Legal restrictions notwithstanding, it is also of prime importance to
consider the actual practical impact of this software.  In its default
configuration, it will never request the CADORS report for a given day
more than once, and it will access the query form no more frequently
than once per twelve hours to determine the date of the most recent
CADORS National Report.  None of this exceeds what would be expected
of an individual, human user of the CADORS database and is in fact
quite likely far less than the traffic that would be generated by, for
example, an aviation safety researcher using the CADORS database as
part of their daily work.

As a side note, Transport Canada could likely substantially reduce
the load on their server if they were to ensure that the CADORS
National Report (and other pages) did not contain a hidden
"__VIEWSTATE" field (which appears to be an artifact of some Microsoft
product) whose contents are, in the case of the CADORS National
Report, approximately 1 MB of encoded binary data.  This software
strips out the field, as it is of no use.

As to the matter of redistribution of content from the CADORS
database, the following text comes from the aforementioned "Important
Notices" page:

    Information on this site, other than government symbols, has been
    posted with the intent that it be readily available for personal and
    public non-commercial use and may be reproduced, in part or in whole
    and by any means, without charge or further permission from Transport
    Canada. We ask only that:

        * Users exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the
          materials reproduced;
        * Transport Canada be identified as the source department; and
        * The reproduction is not represented as an official version
          of the materials reproduced, nor as having been made, in
          affiliation with or with the endorsement of Transport
          Canada.

Redistribution of the Atom feed generated by this software would thus
appear to be permitted.

Finally, individuals who install their own instance of this software
and use it to access the Transport Canada web site are reminded of the
following clause in the software license: "IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."  Users who operate their own instance
of the software are further reminded that the contents of this file
are not to be considered authoritative legal advice, and that in
operating the software they do so at their own risk.
